for the first hand of heat 7 everyone
starts the heat with a million chips and
we start the blinds at 5,000 10,000 with
a 2000 auntie old I'm gonna call okay
yes great idea Sarah love it love you I
mean I love it she's lip with ace deuce
me and mrs. finland right now heads up I
believe it's miss miss I'm sorry miss I
didn't think let's see a flop so there's
no mr. Finland okay fun fun fun fun fun
that's a full on the flop ronnie has
Boston path hi I need Ronnie if you bust
her on the first hand he bets that it
had and Sarah races with a straight rule
you have something yes I do I believe
you thirty thousand yeah the way all my
relationships start with lies so ronnie
has called the race and improves two
trips on the turn oh boy why are you
checking
you raise me on the flop um num num she
bets just over half the pot Ronnie do
not bust her before the swimsuit portion
Ronnie's clock is running remember every
player has 30 seconds per decision
anything she's bluffing he'll call if
not he could raise oh yeah I forgot
raised 155 155 she really should not be
calling this 255 shiri raises what okay
I'm not used to those yeah haha really
huh 255,000 yes Ronnie calls which means
we're going to the river that means the
cage is coming into play it was her
special talent than miss finland contest
was at punting poker chips the board
bricks out for sarah she has just ace hi
honey she's a little better lookin than
you were kind of rooting for her so yeah
check she's blocked every street so far
Marland and she shops she slides out the
bluff card aha oh my god I was is
happening I thought it would be I wanted
to stay and play with you miss finland i
understand i am 10 seconds Ronnie Wow
like bear he's playing a time bank chip
he gets an extra 30 seconds there's a
reason why / finish reputation right I
have a four he shows her sad you have
five for something SEC SEC Bluff kid
don't think it just raise a queen I
don't have a good kick I guess you're
both fags right absolutely slight
flutter from Sarah but what does it mean
oh gee when he must think she has it
he's considering folding this monster
and if he does he's going in the cage
he's requested both side I don't know
you pop in the oven do you play his game
do you know I have four here you know I
have trips I don't I can fold his hand I
don't know how you play it rough play
with you before what is going on here if
I fold his hand and they see this fold
and you have like king queen or
something Cynthia the most embarrassing
thing ever for me you understand this
right I don't have any time to think
over his hand I'm like a nervous I don't
know 21 on it's nice over there 300-500
oh my god has 600 five seconds and
Ronnie's folded holy schnikeys
it's a bluff sure she has ain't my money
you're coming to the cage is this real
life had a hot of you wow those in
goldsboro I could have two million chips
oh my god good lay down oh my god